Create branching Python installation guide (#9403)
newrelic/docs-website: src/install/python/python-frameworks/python-agent-web2py.mdx

---
componentType: appInfo
optionType: framework
headingText: Review start-up steps using Web2Py
---

> You need to integrate the Python agent with your application so that your app's major functions and web requests are received by the agent. To integrate the Python agent with your app, you can run the newrelic-admin script in front of your usual app startup command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to integrate the Python agent with your application so that your app's major functions and web requests are received by the agent. If using the runweb2py command, see instructions below, otherwise there's no specific steps you need to take to integrate with Web2Py so skip straight to the server specific instructions.
```

Choose the Web2py setup you use from the list below:

> <CollapserGroup>

Reviewer: Keep the runweb2py section here. Perhaps outside of a collapser so it matches the other pages. and remove the other sections as they are just pointing to the server instructions.

Author: @hmstepanek I removed the following in the collapser:

* running-with-mod_wsgi
* running-with-gunicorn
* running-with-uwsgi

I moved the Web2Py information out of the collapser to match the other sections.
